Add initial Cavatica docs (#899)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: cavatica/README.md

# Cavatica port documentation

This document provides instructions for developers on how to port the `scpca-nf` workflow to Cavatica, a cloud-based platform for running bioinformatics workflows.

> Instructions for Cavatica users can be found in the [Cavatica documentation](sb_doc.md) file, as well as in the [external instructions](../external-instructions.md).

Reviewer: You didn't actually add anything to the external instructions, but I think you should make a note there and then link to the separate doc?

Author: Ah, I misunderstood your comment a bit. I should clarify here that I meant that many of the details on file requirements, etc. are in the external instructions. 
```suggestion
Instructions for Cavatica users can be found in the [Cavatica documentation](sb_doc.md) file.
Additional details about required input files and other options can also be found in the [external instructions](../external-instructions.md).
```
